{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Make an app, using python and plotly to plot it (not D3). Use D3 to take in the user inputs and http and bootstrapping to make the app look pretty. Use python and pandas for the dataset, im not sure if we need to use sql or not. \
\
Datasets: Cancer data by MSA number of sites of different types by population in 2000, Pollution data by city or air quality (can also get toxic waste and water quality data)\
\
We will have to include a value for the population where no one gets cancer if that makes sense. \
\
So imagine we have 11 cancer types, and one classifier that has no cancer, we could train a neural network based on the data to predict what the likelihood of each type of cancer is or no cancer? \
\
I figure we can start small for example respiratory tumors and air pollution, if that works we can add other pollutants and cancer types.\
\
Initially we can ask the user to choose age, sex and location. but can extend this to choose race etc.\
\
I am just thinking about the years, did we do anything that predicts results in the future I\'92m drawing a blank?\
\
So we could technically do three analyses: \
\
1. The neural network taking the data to train and test our model and then using the input data (age sex location) to predict a cancer outcome. \
\
2. Two types of predictive analyses: A.  Show the likelihood of cancer risk for a specific tumor type if you live in a certain area. B. Predict the levels of pollution in a specific area in the future. \
\
3. Combine these two??\
\
}